fix: grammar and a bit of wording (#9)
adjust/fe-hometask: README.md

## Welcome to our little coding exercise! 👋

Here, you will have the opportunity to work with TypeScript and Rockets in the same project. We recommend setting aside 2-3 hours to complete it.

> **Please make sure to read this page in its entirety before starting the challenge.** If you have any questions, feel free to [open an issue](#how-to-request-help) as described at the bottom of this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Please make sure to read this page entirely before starting the challenge.** If you have any questions, feel free to [open an issue](#how-to-request-help) as described at the bottom of this page.
```

### TASK #2 - React & Hooks

Implement the `<RocketsList>` component with the following specifications:

- The component receives a `filterParams` object (with the shape described in [task #1][task-1]) as a prop.
- The component obtains a list of 'missions' from a [custom hook][custom-hook], which fetches **the entire list of missions** from the [SpaceX API][spacex-api] and processes them using the `prepareData` function (from [task #1][task-1]) and the `filterParams` prop.
  - The mission data should only be fetched once.
  - As part of this challenge, you are not allowed to use any of the filter parameters provided by the [SpaceX API docs][spacex-api-docs].
- For each 'mission' obtained from the custom hook, the component renders a string using [template literals][template-literals] in the following format: "#`flight_number` `mission_name` (`payloads_count`)".
- While 'missions' are being fetched from the API, the component renders `"Loading..."` on the screen.
- If no 'missions' are obtained from the custom hook, the component renders `"No data"` on the screen.

**Expected outcome:**

Please set the `filterParams` to match the example below:

```js

> <RocketsList

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<RocketList
```
we aren't updating it, right?

Author: In the title of the task we ask to `Implement the `<RocketsList>` component`, so this change makes sense.

[spacex-api]: https://api.spacexdata.com/v3/launches/past
[spacex-api-docs]: https://docs.spacexdata.com/?version=latest#fce450d6-e064-499a-b88d-34cc22991bcc
[github-collaborators]: https://help.github.com/en/articles/inviting-collaborators-to-a-personal-repository

> [task-1]: #task-1---typescript

Reviewer: is it a correct update?

Author: Yes, this updates the link to the task 1, which became `TypeScript` after this PR — https://github.com/adjust/fe-hometask/pull/7.
